You must have heard about unlimited buffet in Barbeque Nation
and
unlimited bonus in health insurance has been introduced in new age policies
and today we are going to talk about
two such policies in our health insurance comparison series.
Ultimate Care of ICICI Low LBAD Elevate Versus Care.  Both of these are new age policies in
which you get unlimited bonus and
an unlimited claim in ICICI Low LBA Elevate.
So welcome to our health
insurance comparison series.  Today we will
compare both these policies and
tell you which policy you should choose.
Before we start, please like my video
and subscribe
to my channel so that we can keep sharing such interesting
insights with you.
In 2024, ICICI LBD created a stir in the market
with its policy ICICI LBA Elevate.  So Kar also copied that policy and
brought K's Ultimate Care.  So today we will
compare these two policies and
see
what are the positives and negatives of both the policies and
if you have to choose one policy from both the policies then
which one should you choose.  Let's
start comparing both the policies.
First of all point number one room
rent limit.
Single private AC room is available in ICICI Low LMA Elevate.
By modifying this, no room rent limit can be imposed.
And there is no room rent limit by default in Care Ultimate Care.
So there is no room rent limit in both the policies.
So
thumbs up to both the policies.  Point number two is copayment and
deductible.  There is no copayment in both the policies.
You
can take voluntary copayment in both the policies if you
wish.  And the deductible option is only
available in Care's Ultimate Care.
ICICI Low LBAD is not available in Elevate.
So thumbs down to ICICI Lo LBAD Elevate for not having a deductible
and
thumbs up to Care's Ultimate Care.  Now let's come to
point number three.  Sub limit on
treatment of diseases.  Both IC
Labrador Elevate and Care's Ultimate Care do
not contain any supplements for the treatment of diseases.  All diseases are
covered up to the sum insured.  Treatment of recurring diseases
such as chemotherapy for cancer treatment
is covered up to the sum insured.  So thumbs up to both the policies, there is no
sub limit in both the policies.
Now let's come to point number four bonus.
If you talk about ICICI Low LMA Elevate, then there is a
20% bonus in the base policy up to 100%, that is,
your bonus will become 100% in 5 years and if you
add a rider named Power Booster,
then you get 100% bonus on top of it every year
for unlimited number of years. So the
biggest feature of ICICI LB Elevate is Power
Booster in which 100% bonus is given every year
for unlimited number of years.
Ultimate Care also has a similar feature, you will
get 100% bonus every year for unlimited
number of years.  So
thumbs up to both the policies and unlimited bonuses.  This
takes care of medical inflation and the
policy of Rs 10 lakh will become Rs 50 lakh in the fifth year in both the cases.  There will be
one C year in 10th year
and two C years in 20th year.
So, medical inflation has been taken special
care of in both the policies.
Now let's come to point number five
consumable cover.  The cost of
PPE kits, syringes, thermometers etc.
is covered under both the policies.  One has to take a rider.
But this cost is covered under both the policies.
So thumbs up to both the policies
for consumable cover.  Now let's come to point
number six.  Restoration Benefit.
Restoration benefit means that
you can use your sum insured again and again during a
year.  If you have a
policy of Rs 10 lakh and you used Rs 10 lakh in January,
then you
can use Rs 10 lakh in every subsequent hospitalization.
Unlimited restoration is available in ICICI LB Elevate.
Earlier, there was a
waiting period of 45 days for the same person with the same illness.  Now
that waiting has been removed.
Restoration benefit is also unlimited in Care's Ultimate Care.
No Questions Asked Restoration Benefit
is available in both the policies.  So thumbs up to both the policies
for restoration benefit.  Now let's come to
point number seven, maternity cover.
Maternity cover in ICICI Low LMB Elevate is available after 2 years
and up to 10% of the sum insured
is available.  You can reduce this 2-year waiting period to one year through a rider.
But according to us, the premium increase
for maternity is high enough for you to
claim maternity.  So
according to us, maternity rider is available in ICICI LB Elevate
but you should not take it.
If you talk about ultimate care, then
maternity
is not available there.  So thumbs down for both policies for
maternity.  Now let's come to point
number eight.  Pre-existing disease
waiting period.  The
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 3
years in both the policies.  Waiting periods for
asthma, blood pressure, diabetes and
cholesterol can be waived off in ICI Lombard Elevate.
And
in Ultimate Care, not only asthma, blood pressure, diabetes
and cholesterol are included but the
waiting period can also be waived off for thyroid.
So thumbs up to both the policies to
wave off the pre-existing diseases waiting period.  Now let's come to point
number nine.  Hospital Network.  If
you look at ICICI LBD Elevate, their
hospital network is approximately about
13 to 14,000 hospitals.  Whereas Care
's hospital network is 10 to 11,000 hospitals.
So the network of ICICI LBAD Elevate is
much stronger as compared
to Care.  So if you go for hospital network
comparison then ICICI LBA Elvet gets
thumbs up.  Now let's come to point number 10.
Claims Experience.  This is a very important
parameter for deciding any insurance.  In
our opinion, the
claims experience at ICCI LBAD Elevate is top-notch.
Insurers have invested heavily in technology
and claims are
processed easily and swiftly.  If
we talk about care, the claims
experience there is not that good.
Insurance
raises a lot of queries and whatever claim rejections happen,
they happen due to unnecessary reasons.  So the
claims experience in ICICI LB Elevat
is good.  Claims Experience OKOK at Care's Ultimate Care.
So, according to us,
if we talk about claims experience, then
ICICI LBA Elevate gets a thumbs up.  Now let's
come to point number 11.  Extra
features that are available in both policies.
ICICI Low LBA Elevate offers one unlimited
claim during the lifetime of the policy.
This means that if your sum insured
is Rs 10 lakh and during the lifetime of the policy, a
claim of Rs 1 crore, 2 crore, 3 crore will also be paid once.  So, this is a good feature and
it makes sure that your sum
insured never falls short in case of any big
claim.  At the same time, if we talk about Care's
Ultimate Care, then if you do
not make any claim for 5 years, then the company will
return the first year's premium to you.  For every five years of no
claims the company will return the premium of the
first year.  So both the policies have
unique features and both the policies get
thumbs up for their unique features.
Now let us come to point number 12,
premium.  If you
take a premium of Rs 10 lakh for a 30 year old youth.  As you
can see on the top of the screen, the
premium for ICICI LBA Elevate is around 9540
and the premium for C's Ultimate Care is
9000.  So the premiums
are quite affordable and the policies are quite
loaded.  So thumbs up to both the policies
for good and affordable premiums.  So
what is the conclusion of both the policies now?
See, both Ultimate Care by C Care and ICCI
LMB Elevate are good policies.   The
features are
quite good and loaded as per the premium.  If you
talk about ICICI, the claims
experience there is better and in Care the
claims experience is a little difficult.  So
according to us, if one has to choose between both the policies, it would be
better to choose ICICI Low LBA Elevate.  That's all for today
in this video.  Stay tuned with us
for such interesting insights and
subscribe to our channel so that we can continue
sharing such interesting insights with you about insurance, personal finance and stocks.  Yes.